We want to hook up the other buttons to also print the player damage
and then I want to improve the styling so that we can easier see if it was
the monster or the player attacking here. To do so,
I'll go to the app.js file here and I'll copy the this.turns.unshift code
and yes again, this could also be refactored
but since it isn't that much code, I'll keep it like this and also add it here, hits monster hard for
the damage let's say.
Of course we for this have to store damage in a separate variable again, like that and then deduct this
variable from the monster health.
We don't need to change monster attacks, we already got our log addition there and for healing,
we of course also want to, whoops, not that, we also want to copy that code here, put it in here and say player
heals for and we know it's always 10, so we can say for 10, simply write it in a string like this.
These are the actions I have,
now one thing I also want to do is up on giving up or let's say up on starting a new game, I want to
set this.turns back to an empty string, an empty array excuse me so that I reset the log
with that. With this, I added log actions to all items, we can see this if I reload and now I attack here,
we see that we get the log for that and also for healing and that if I hit it give up and start a new
game,
the log is cleared.
Missing piece is
it would be nice to have some coloring to quickly see which action stems from the player and which attack
was launched by the monster.
So let's do this by conditionally attaching some styles or classes there.